Teddy Walker what brings you back to
Piedmont I'm glad you asked
right now I'm an amazing job of sales
but I'm here now taking my GED you would
have to go to night school you're in my
house are you doing the black voice no I
don't hear color there's a nice cool
teacher no I'm just a that like to
wear blouses yes I'm a nice cool teacher
let's do some introductions hey yo what
up I'm Bobby he can Skype into the class
yeah if you're doing time at the Georgia
Correctional Facility you're next names
Jalen how about you ma'am I dropped out
of high school so I wanted to get my GED
before they have to live in Randy's
parents laundry room my name is Luis I'm
going to become a singer-songwriter oh
no not like Julio Iglesias oh it's gonna
be a long semester that's what's up
she's not like the teachers that we had
back in the day this woman is a brick
wall
school policy if you don't pass that
test your app wants those tests really
fine you wear black laundry day so you
wore yellow it's fresh it's clean my
face what's it look like I'm doing you
gonna take my car my baby in the back
see no baby in there Wayne Wayne petty
suit you got a lot is Dermot a time
where I'm supposed to be at a fast food
playing next to a strip club
must stay in the right spot I smell
cocoa butter and fried chicken at the
same time I need you to go out there and
I need you to stop you know I can't
flirt and my dad was innocent now it's
all about the bots heard a guy they
gonna crack that book like a walnut
you start there wouldn't you want to
start in the front to stop it dances for
students only get out my way
Thank You Bobbi wants out please please
continue with the Pythagorean theorem
the issue is you're clinically dumb I
know it there's no cure for what you
have oh my god
I got learning herpes there's no such
thing as learning Herbie ah you must
Muslim we I'm sorry what what's going
okay why we in ring with the square root
of 81 what what's the square root of 81
I don't know
[Music]